DOC: external tool - sensitivity analysis (#377)
DassHydro/smash: doc/source/user_guide/external_tools/sensitivity_analysis.rst

.. parsed-literal::

    </> Reading precipitation: 100%|██████████| 1440/1440 [00:05<00:00, 280.60it/s]
    </> Reading daily interannual pet: 100%|██████████| 366/366 [00:00<00:00, 811.93it/s] 
    </> Disaggregating daily interannual pet: 100%|██████████| 1440/1440 [00:00<00:00, 40575.31it/s]
    </> Computing mean atmospheric data
    </> Adjusting GR interception capacity

Generate the samples
--------------------

A problem of sensitivity analysis is defined by the number of parameters, the names of the
parameters, and the bounds of the parameters. Please refer to the `SALib
documentation <https://salib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api.html>`__ for
more examples on how to define a problem.

Sample size is the number of distinct values for each parameter.

.. code-block:: python

    >>> problem = {
    ...     "num_vars": 4,
    ...     "names": ["cp", "ct", "kexc", "llr"],
    ...     "bounds": [(1, 3000), (1, 4000), (-25, 5), (1, 200)],
    ... }
    >>> 
    >>> sample_size = 1024

.. note::

    The bigger the ``sample_size``, the more accurate the estimation of the sensitivity indices.
    However, it will also take more time to run.

> Generate the sample using SALib's Saltelli method. These are the samples
> that will be used for the sensitivity analysis.

Reviewer: I would write like this rather than "SALib's Saltelli method":
```suggestion
Generate the samples, which will be used for sensitivity analysis, using the Saltelli sampling method implemented in SALib.
```

.. code-block:: python

    >>> param_values = sample(problem, sample_size, seed=1, calc_second_order=False)
    >>> param_values

.. parsed-literal::

    array([[ 467.24048835, 2355.40055781,   -6.77403474,   49.23759794],
           [2537.22270641, 2355.40055781,   -6.77403474,   49.23759794],
           [ 467.24048835, 1050.97977774,   -6.77403474,   49.23759794],
           ...,
           [ 465.07810281, 1061.24262134,   -8.39497082,    6.94480178],
           [ 465.07810281, 1061.24262134,  -10.48251348,  141.57036807],
           [2627.85471268,  468.67423326,   -8.39497082,  141.57036807]],
           shape=(6144, 4))

In this example, we have 6144 sets of 4 parameters. The number of sets varies based on
the sample size, the number of parameters, and whether we want to include second order sensitivity.
Details can be found in the `SALib documentation <https://salib.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api.html>`__.

Run the model on the chosen samples
-----------------------------------

> 
> Use smash.multiple_forward_run to get output from all samples quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> We define a function ``run_with_params`` to do the forward run from a
> set of parameters to outputs that include all the metrics or signatures
> that you want to analyze post-SMASH. In this case, we use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We define a function ``run_with_params``, that performs a forward run using a set of parameters to compute performance metrics and/or hydrological signatures based on simulated discharge. In this case, we use
```

NSE - a classical hydrological metric, Crc - continuous runoff
coefficients, and Eff - flood flow as examples.

For more information on the available signatures and indices, please refer
to the :ref:`api_reference.principal_methods.signal_analysis` section.

.. code-block:: python

    >>> def run_with_params(model, params):
    ...     model.set_rr_parameters('cp', params[0])
    ...     model.set_rr_parameters('ct', params[1])
    ...     model.set_rr_parameters('kexc', params[2])
    ...     model.set_rr_parameters('llr', params[3])
    ...     model.forward_run()
    ...     signatures = smash.signatures(model, sign=['Crc', 'Eff'], domain='sim')
    ...     crc = signatures.cont.iloc[0]['Crc']
    ...     eff = signatures.event.iloc[0]['Eff']
    ...     nse = smash.evaluation(model, metric='nse')[0][0]
    ... 
    ...     return nse, crc, eff

> .. tip::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. hint::
```

    Using ``common_options={'n_cpu': n}`` (with n based on your system configuration)
    in the ``model.forward_run`` will help accelerate the computation.

Run the function for all the samples using a simple ``for`` loop.

.. code-block:: python

    >>> output = []
    >>> for i in range(param_values.shape[0]):
    ...     output.append(np.array(run_with_params(model, param_values[i])))

> .. tip::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. hint::
```

    Each iteration calls the ``run_with_params`` function, which calls the ``model.forward_run`` function.
    Each ``forward_run`` prints a line of text, which is a lot of redundant text considering the number of iterations.

>     You can suppress these outputs by redirecting them to a ``StringIO`` object. For example:

Reviewer: In the common_options argument of the forward_run method, we can set verbose=False. Have you tried this yet?

Author: The common_options={verbose=False} still prints a line "<> Forward Run" for each forward_run. That was why I need to suppress them.
